Optimize errata in Mng content (CQA) (#4993)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_creating-an-incremental-content-view-version-by-adding-deb-packages.adoc

= Creating an incremental content view version by adding Deb packages

[role="_abstract"]

> Add Deb packages to a content view version as an incremental update when you need to make specific packages installable on Debian or Ubuntu hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add Deb packages to a content view version as an incremental update when you need to make specific packages installable on {DL} hosts.
```

This will allow me in downstream to how Debian for Debian, and Ubuntu for Ubuntu; see https://docs.orcharhino.com/or/docs/sources/guides/debian/managing_content/managing_errata.html#creating-an-incremental-content-view-version-by-adding-deb-packages
